Blog Post: Long-Term Support for Greenart7c3 (#345)
OpenSats/website: data/blog/greenart7c3-receives-lts-grant.mdx

[Greenart7c3](https://github.com/greenart7c3) for his ongoing contributions to
the nostr ecosystem.

Greenart7c3 is the creator and lead developer of
[Citrine](https://github.com/greenart7c3/Citrine), an Android-based nostr relay,
and [Amber](https://github.com/greenart7c3/Amber), an Android-based nostr signer
using [NIP-46](https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/46.md) to
enhance private key security practices for users utilizing the same key across
multiple clients.

Citrine functions as both a local relay and a shared database, allowing users to
send and receive events while maintaining control of their data offline. Amber
focuses on enhancing security by keeping sensitive keys in a single, secure app
that is responsible for remotely signing events on behalf of multiple clients.
These developments by Greenart7c3 contribute to the broader goal of
decentralizing and safeguarding user privacy within the nostr ecosystem.

With support from this LTS grant, Greenart7c3 will focus on the continued
development of Citrine and Amber, with plans including:

- Extending Amber and Citrine to cross-platform usability beyond Android
  devices.

> - Integrating Citrine into [Amethyst](/blog/vitor-pamplona-receives-lts-grant)
>   to enhance its user interface and functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve the user experience when using Amber and Citrine in [Amethyst](/blog/vitor-pamplona-receives-lts-grant).
```
I think this way would be better since vitor doesn't want a database in amethyst yet

- Testing integrations with web applications such as
  [Snort](/blog/kieran-receives-lts-grant) and
  [Coracle](/blog/hodlbod-receives-lts-grant), enabling them to work seamlessly

>   on Android without the need for extensions or web servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on Android without the need for browser extensions.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Build/Improve new and existing [NIP-55](https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/55.md) libraries
  so developers can easily add support for external signers.
  
```
